fix(backends): Emit `post_save` signal on phone number verification (#29)
CuriousLearner/django-phone-verify: docs/usage.rst

Otherwise, serializer classes for ``verify`` and ``register`` views will not be available.

3. Latest ``security_code`` generated for a ``phone_number`` can be found at ``/admin/phone_verify/smsverification/`` URL.

> 4. ``phone_verify.models.SMSVerification`` emits ``post_save`` signal on its creation and updation. Suppose you want to send an email, informing the user that his/her phone number has been successfully verified. We can implement that by creating a receiver which would listen to ``post_save`` signal of ``SMSVerification`` model. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Django's ``post_save`` signal can be leveraged through its usage in ``phone_verify.models.SMSVerification`` function. Additional functionality can be hooked via the ``post_save`` signal by creating the following receiver.```

.. code-block:: python

    # In signals.py
    from phone_verify.models import SMSVerification
    from django.db.models.signals import post_save
    from django.dispatch import receiver
    from django.core.mail import send_mail

    # `send_phone_verify_email` function will get fired when a new entry is created or the model instance is updated
    @receiver(post_save, sender=SMSVerification)
    def send_phone_verify_email(sender, instance, **kwargs):
        # Check if the instance is verified or not.

>         if instance.is_verified:

Reviewer: I don't think this would be a good example. What happens once the phone number is verified, but the object is saved either by some of the library functions or by the user of this library.

Their users will start receiving multiple emails. I would suggest changing this to something else.

            send_mail(

>                 'Subject here',

Reviewer: Also, a tip: if you're using a function call, it makes sense to use keyword arguments so that people reading your code can immediately figure out which parameter expects what.

Case 3: Create a user model & login the user once their phone number gets verified
**********************************************************************************

This case is suitable if you want to allow users to login to your django project using the authentication backend.

.. code-block:: python
    # In models.py
    from django.db import models
    from django.contrib.auth.models import AbstractUser

    # Create a custom user model by extending AbstractUser
    # so that all inbuilt Django authentication functionality can be retained
    class User(AbstractUser):
        """ Extends the Django User model so that additional model fields can be added or removed
        without affecting Django's Auth functionality
        """
        # Additional User fields can be added in here
        phone_number = models.CharField(null=True, blank=True, max_length=20, unique=True)

    #  In views.py
    from django.contrib.auth import get_user_model, login
    from django.http import HttpResponse
    from django.core.exceptions import ObjectDoesNotExist

    def login_otp_user(request):

>         """ Custom Login view for users that are logging in using verified phone numbers"""

Reviewer: Where are you verifying the OTP here?

Otherwise, serializer classes for ``verify`` and ``register`` views will not be available.

3. Latest ``security_code`` generated for a ``phone_number`` can be found at ``/admin/phone_verify/smsverification/`` URL.

Case 3: Create a user model and login the user once their phone number gets verified
*************************************************************************************

This case is suitable if you want to allow users to login to your django project using its amazing authentication backend.

> **Note**: The code below assumes you are using Django Templating system. The same logic would apply for a rest API.

Reviewer: I could see all APIs below and not templating stuff.

> **Note**: The code below assumes you are using Django Templating system. The same logic would apply for a rest API.

Reviewer: `rest API` => `REST API`

.. code-block:: python

    # In models.py
    from django.db import models
    from django.contrib.auth.models import AbstractUser

    # Create a custom user model by extending AbstractUser so that all the authetication functionality can be retained
    class User(AbstractUser):
        # Additional User fields can be added in here
        phone_number = models.CharField(null=True, blank=True, max_length=20, unique=True)

> 

Reviewer: No need for so many empty lines here.
Please follow PEP8 and all code examples should be within 79 characters in general. We can make it 120, but ensure that the overall styling of code-blocks is consistent.

Author: Ok. Please see my new commit

    #  In views.py
    from django.contrib.auth import get_user_model, login
    from django.http import HttpResponse

    #  Custom Login view for users that are logging in using verified phone numbers
    def LoginOTPUser(request):
        phone_number = request.POST['phone_number']

        try:
            # Get the associated User model instance
            user = get_user_model().objects.get(phone_number=phone_number)

            # Login this user
            login(request, user, 'django.contrib.auth.backends.ModelBackend')

            return HttpResponse(
                dumps({
                    'status': '200',
                }), content_type="application/json"
            )

>         except Exception as e:

Reviewer: Not a good way of handling exceptions. If there are exceptions, it should be explicit on what exceptions and figure out what was done and why.

Also, please don't use print :)

        if instance.is_verified == True:

            # Get the Custom User model
            User = get_user_model()

            # Generate random username for this user
            # txts iterable is simply used to create randon usernames. You can literally add all numbers, alphabets etc.
            username = generate_unique_username(txts=[
                '1234567890randomabcdefabsdcjhbfhjvdfvfdghiihfdbvhfebhjvr',
                'quiywgduhdsbchyo1234567890webdoewbcweihceirbiheveirhbvhevb',
                'abcd_randomusersghdvcghsdc167890234345@differentemail.com'
            ])

            # Generate a random password
            password = User.objects.make_random_password()

            #  Create and Populate a user
            user = User.objects.create_user(username=username, password=password)

            try:

                # Update phone_number field from users.user model
                # It is important to have this so that you can fetch the username and password when the user tries to login later.
                user.phone_number = instance.phone_number

                # Update the newly created user instance
                user.save()

>             except Exception as e:

Reviewer: Please be explicit here.
